                                                                 Our Body of Work
                NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is profoundly
               impacting society and transforming the world’s largest industries—from gaming to robotics, self-driving cars to life-saving healthcare,
                                               climate change to virtual worlds where we can all connect and create.




Jason O'Rear
                                         Pioneering Accelerated Computing
Accelerated computing requires full-stack optimization, from chip architecture, systems, and acceleration libraries, to refactoring the applications.
                     The global NVIDIA ecosystem spans 4 million developers, 40,000 companies, and over 3,000 applications.



 Application
 Frameworks




          Platform                                               NVIDIA                         NVIDIA Omniverse
                                                                 AI

                                    RTX
                                    CUDA-X
          Acceleration              CUDA
          Libraries




          System                       Magnum IO             DOCA               Base Command            Forge
          Software



                                        RTX        DGX       HGX          EGX       OVX         AGX      MLNX


          Hardware




                                        GPU        CPU       DPU          NIC                  Switch     SOC
Sparking the
iPhone Moment of AI
The acceleration of deep learning ignited
the big bang of AI. ChatGPT, a large
language model powered by an NVIDIA
DGX™ AI supercomputer, reached 100
million users in just two months. Its
magical capabilities have captured the
world’s imagination. Generative AI is a
new computing platform, like the PC,
internet, and mobile-cloud. Accelerated
computing and AI have fully arrived.
Advancing the World’s
Largest Industries
NVIDIA’s acceleration libraries solve new
challenges and open new markets. They
connect to applications that connect to
the world’s industries, forming a network
of networks.


We recently launched NVIDIA cuLitho,
a new library that supercharges
computational lithography, an immense
computational workload in chip design
and manufacturing.


NVIDIA now offers some 300
acceleration libraries.
Leaping Into the Cloud
NVIDIA accelerated computing is available
in every cloud. DGX Cloud and NVIDIA AI
Enterprise make our unparalleled AI
capabilities accessible to everyone. NVIDIA
AI Foundations is a cloud service for
building custom language models and
generative AI. And NVIDIA Omniverse Cloud        NVIDIA        NVIDIA         NVIDIA
                                              AI Enterprise   Omniverse   AI Foundations
will accelerate the digitalization of the
world’s largest industries.
NVIDIA Accelerated
Computing Is
Sustainable Computing
Data centers are already about 1-2% of
global electricity consumption and that
consumption is expected to continue to grow.
This continued growth is not sustainable.


If we switched accelerated computing
workloads from CPU-only servers to
GPU-accelerated systems worldwide, we
estimate nearly 12 trillion watt-hours of
energy savings a year, equivalent to the
electricity requirements of nearly 1.7 million
U.S. homes.


Acceleration is the best way to reclaim power
and achieve sustainability and net zero.




FourCastNet
NVIDIA Reinvents
Modern Graphics
We invented the programmable shading GPUs
nearly a quarter century ago, defining modern
real-time computer graphics.


With NVIDIA RTX™ we have reinvented computer
graphics again. This new rendering approach fuses
rasterization and programmable shading with ray
tracing and AI to make PC games look much more
beautiful and realistic—almost cinematic.
NVIDIA RTX
Resets Gaming
RTX is everywhere. More than 400 games
and apps now use RTX to deliver stunning
ray-traced graphics—including AAA
blockbusters like Cyberpunk 2077, Fortnite,
Minecraft, and more.
NVIDIA Cloud Gaming—
Bringing RTX to Billions
With the power of NVIDIA® GeForce® GPUs
in the cloud, GeForce NOW™ instantly
transforms nearly any device into a powerful
PC gaming machine. Any gamer can stream
titles from the top digital game stores.
Over 25 million members in 100+ countries
now have access to more than 1,500 games.


And, recently, NVIDIA and Microsoft signed
a 10-year deal to bring the Xbox PC game
library to GeForce NOW.
NVIDIA Studio—
Accelerated Computing
Platform for Creators
Our industry-leading GPUs, paired with our
exclusive driver technology and software,
enhance creative apps with a level of
performance and ability that is nothing
short of inspiring. With NVIDIA Studio,
creators are free to realize their most
ambitious projects yet.
NVIDIA Powers
AI Factories
Data centers process mountains of continuous
data to train and refine AI software. Companies
are manufacturing intelligence, and their data
centers are becoming giant AI factories. NVIDIA
is the engine of the world’s AI infrastructure.
Hopper—
The Engine for the
World’s AI Infrastructure
The NVIDIA Hopper™ architecture will power
the next wave of AI data centers. The first
Hopper-based GPU, the NVIDIA H100, comes
packed with 80 billion transistors and delivers
an order-of-magnitude performance leap over
its predecessor.
NVIDIA DGX—
Purpose-Built for the
Unique Demands of AI
Our fourth-generation NVIDIA DGX system
is the world’s first AI platform to be built
with the new H100 GPUs. Each DGX H100
provides 32 petaflops of AI performance at
FP8 precision—6X more than the prior
generation. The next-generation DGX
SuperPOD™ will expand the frontiers of AI
with the ability to run massive workloads
with trillions of parameters.
                   Accelerating Inference for Generative AI Models
   This is NVIDIA’s inference platform—one architecture for diverse AI workloads and maximum data center acceleration and
elasticity: L4 GPUs for AI video; L40 GPUs for Omniverse and graphics rendering; H100 NVL for scaling out large language model
                   inference; and Grace Hopper Superchip for recommender systems and vector databases.




    L4                                       L40                                    H100 NVL                              Grace Hopper
Grace CPU Superchip—
Tailor-Made for the
Largest Computing
Problems
Designed to process giant amounts of data,
Grace will be the ideal CPU for AI factories.
Grace has 144 CPU cores and one terabyte
per second of memory bandwidth—over
2-3X the top Gen 5 CPUs that have yet to
even ship.


Data centers must accelerate every workload.
The energy saved can fuel new growth. We
designed Grace for high energy-efficiency at
cloud data-center scale.
    Every Hyperscale Data Center Can Now Be a Generative AI Data Center
    NVIDIA Spectrum-X™ is an accelerated networking platform designed to improve the performance and efficiency of Ethernet-based
    AI clouds. Spectrum-X is supercharged by NVIDIA acceleration software and software development kits, allowing developers to build
                                             software-defined, cloud-native AI applications.




BlueField-3                                                                                                                  BlueField-3




                                                              Spectrum-4
  NVIDIA DGX GH200—A New Class of AI Supercomputer
The most efficient large memory supercomputer, the DGX GH200 enables the development of next-generation
    models for generative AI language applications, recommender systems, and data analytics workloads.
NVIDIA
Supercharges
Healthcare
From medical imaging to drug discovery, genomics
to patient monitoring, researchers across life
sciences are fusing traditional simulations and AI
to solve the next grand challenges.
Generative AI
Will Transform the
Pharmaceutical Industry
Drug discovery is a nearly $2 trillion industry
with $250 billion dedicated to R&D. The
industry is now jumping onto generative AI
to discover disease targets, design novel
molecules or protein-based drugs, and
predict the behavior of the medicines in
the body. NVIDIA BioNeMo provides
state-of-the-art generative AI models for
drug discovery, available from the cloud.
World Record-Setting
DNA Sequencing
Technique Helps
Clinicians Rapidly
Diagnose Patients
Researchers at Stanford using NVIDIA
accelerated computing won the Guinness
World Record for the fastest DNA sequencing
technique, achieved in five hours and two
minutes. The method allows clinicians to
take a blood draw from a critical-care patient
and reach a genetic disorder diagnosis the
same day.
NVIDIA AI-Powered
Medical Devices
AI-powered medical devices can help
clinicians detect and measure anomalies,
up-level surgical skills, enhance image
quality, and optimize workflows. Here we
see an augmented reality overlay of a
patient’s anatomy from a CT scan, rendered
in real time and AI-augmented with NVIDIA
Holoscan. The video feed overlay allows the
surgeons to clearly view the patient’s
vascular and tissue structures.
NVIDIA
Drives Industrial
Digitalization
Omniverse, our platform for industrial digitalization,
builds virtual representations of physical things and
assets—creating digital twins and connecting digital
and physical worlds. Omniverse enables industries
grounded in physical processes to become
software-defined, realize unified digitalization, and
connect large, highly skilled teams.
                                      Connecting Our Physical and Digital Worlds
As AI makes the leap to heavy industry, it needs to understand how to automate, design, navigate, and build based on the physics of our world. Digital twins
     via NVIDIA Omniverse enable AI to learn in a digital format. Optimizing virtually before deploying changes reduces costs and speeds deployment.




             USD COMPOSER              MODULUS                  DRIVE               METROPOLIS                ISAAC               METROPOLIS




                 Design               Performance                 AV                  Factory               Robotics              Warehouse
               Digital Twin            Digital Twin          Digital Twin           Digital Twin           Digital Twin           Digital Twin




                                                                                        NVIDIA
                                                                                        Omniverse
          NVIDIA DRIVE—Full Stack Autonomous Driving Platform
The NVIDIA DRIVE® family of products for autonomous vehicle development covers everything from the car to the data center.




 DGX Data Center




                                          Hyperion™ 8 Development Car                                          Omniverse Digital Twin
NVIDIA DRIVE Sim
Turbocharges Developer
Productivity to Get Self-
Driving Cars on the Road
With NVIDIA DRIVE™ Sim, features such as road
elevation, road markings, islands, traffic
signals, signs, and vertical posts are replicated
at centimeter-level accuracy. Autonomous
vehicles can drive millions of miles in a wide
range of simulated scenarios so they hit the
road running, safely.
Mercedes-Benz,
NVIDIA Partner to
Build the World’s Most
Advanced, Software-
Defined Vehicles
Starting in 2024, every next-generation
Mercedes-Benz vehicle will include this
first-of-its-kind software-defined computing
architecture that includes the most powerful
computer, system software, and applications
for consumers. This marks the turning
point of traditional vehicles becoming high-
performance, updateable computing devices.
  NVIDIA Powers the Software-Defined Vehicle Revolution



Automakers               Robotaxis        Trucking        Tier 1s
                                                      Omniverse Powers the Robotics Revolution
                                    From smart automation in manufacturing to last-mile delivery, robots are becoming more ubiquitous in everyday life.
                       The Isaac module in Omniverse is our platform for accelerating and enhancing robotics—from development to simulation to deployment.




Robotic Systems Lab, ETH Zurich & Swiss-Mile
Amazon Robotics
Builds Digital Twins
of Warehouses in
NVIDIA Omniverse
Amazon has over 200 robotics facilities that
handle millions of packages each day. Using
NVIDIA Omniverse™ Enterprise and Isaac
Sim™, Amazon Robotics is building AI-enabled
digital twins of its warehouses to better
optimize warehouse design and flow, and
train more intelligent robotic solutions.




Amazon Robotics
BMW Blends
Reality and Virtual
Worlds to Build
Factory of the Future
BMW Group is using Omniverse to build a
fully functioning factory digital twin before
building it in the real world. Using NVIDIA AI
and Omniverse has saved 20% on its factory
fleet orchestration and planning.




BMW Group
                        NVIDIA Robotics Across Industries
NVIDIA-powered robots are everywhere, from manufacturing and agriculture to security and home-based healthcare.
NVIDIA’s Earth-2 Initiative
Aims to Accelerate
Climate Research
Our Earth-2 initiative will be a digital twin
of Earth. This simulation of the world will help
predict the complex multi-physics of Earth's
atmosphere, land, sea, and ice caps at
sufficiently high resolution. This will enable us to
better predict the regional impacts of human
actions over decades.




Earth-2
NVIDIA Is a
Learning Machine
NVIDIA is united by a unique culture—the operating
system of our company. We dream big, take risks,
and learn from our mistakes together. Speed is the
key to our success. Craftsmanship is a passion.
There are no org charts—the mission is the boss.


These beliefs inform everything we do, from
designing amazing products to building one of the
world’s great companies—a place where people
can do their life’s work.
We’re One Team
Tackling Challenges
No One Else Can Solve
NVIDIA employees are dedicated to building
technology that moves humanity forward and
to supporting the communities in which they
work and live.


We’ve been recognized as a top company in
social responsibility, and our employees are
passionate donors to hundreds of charities
around the globe.
         “Best Places to                    “Most Innovative
          Work in 2023”                       Companies”

                  Glassdoor                        Fast Company




          “World’s Best                  “100 Best Companies
             CEOS”                           to Work For”

                  Barron’s                           Fortune




         “World’s Best                          “50 Smartest
        Performing CEO”                          Companies”

          Harvard Business Review                 MIT Tech Review



Founded in 1993    Jensen Huang Founder & CEO   27,000 Employees    $27B in FY23
“Nothing makes me prouder than the incredible people who have
 made NVIDIA the company it is today. We want our company to be
 where they can do their life’s work.


“Together, we continue to drive advances in AI, HPC, gaming, creative
 design, autonomous vehicles, and robotics—some of the world’s
 most impactful areas.


“I want to thank NVIDIA developers, partners, customers, and
 families for the amazing work you do. Exciting new frontiers lie
 ahead. Let’s seek them out together.”


Jensen Huang
